hi everyone so I wanted to do a quick
coat Edie for you guys let me just just
this like there we go okay so let me
just add your sister you got adjusted it
and so I'm gonna joke with old Judy and
it's I muted for fall and I'm pretty
excited to accept think this is so cute
and it's affordable and it's like dressy
lamb with side of energy you know so
here you go let me show you the outfit
all right so let me break down
everything for you guys my top is plain
hello kitty her pullover and I kind of
did off the shoulder but a little more
edgier nicer look and it's from forever
21 I got a probably think 22 dollars
pretty affordable and then these these
are like leather illiquid tipped
leggings they're really nice and they're
in season for fall I think they're in
season last your to do these are really
nice and comfortable they're by the
brand Hugh I think that's um a pantyhose
company so I got these I think for $30 I
thought in tailored they're pretty
affordable at Muse I think I featured in
my last off their today they're like $20
handles from Sears and they're fine I
really
outworn cuz I'm pretty much where I'm
like every time but they're really
really nice and kind of dressy so this
is my outfit yeah so it's like dressy
casual great football nice and
comfortable clean offal like I know I
put meat also pair these with combat
boots I was debating on using combat
boots but I have once my Steve Madden
they're nice and brown but it's not cold
enough for boots I feel like I know
everyone's like excited for boots but I
feel like it's a little bit too cold I
mean a little bit too warm still for
boots that's only an October weather I
feel like I'll remember but yeah so here
we go so hello kitty says goodbye thanks
again for watching guys SuperDuper
appreciate it this thing has like the
worst lighting ever like you'll come
from Bright to dark I'm just kind of
like why won't you be bright
why there we go
all right come on yeah okay
stay you know okay